now my current app is going quite well. now i want to add one more Feature that is 'Shared Group' feature. users on the site can create  shared Groups and user on their own accounts(Database registered users only) can access the shared group with a key/password/pin if provided to them by the owner of the Shared Group but only for private groups,for public groups access keys not required. here in shared group, users can change the order of the tasks by dragging up/down task blocks one over another as per permissions given only.The Shared Group option will be showed on  the Nav bar left side of Group Task option only to logged in users.There will be dedicated page for shared groups and whenever any users make any changes to shared Groups like edit group or tasks under the group,there will be pop up for commit message where user can write what they changed and them commit/change and also total number of changes will be showed at a corner of the Group task. Also in the dedicated group task specific page, there will be a Change Log option where all the changes will be showed with username,date/time and commit message.Shared Group feature can only be accessed  in Shared Group feature page only. And in Shared Group section, users can create basically as many  Group Tasks they want as owner from their account and it is shared as other users with access credentials can access the shared. So in Shared Group page there will be Create Group option like with + sign. And  owners of the Shared Group task can decide to make the shared group  Public or private.and there will be a search field to search Public Groups with there name but for private groups, names cant be searched in the field.There should be an option to join  any private group using group name and access key. both will be required to join any private groups. And there will Three types of authorizations that are 1. Collaborator(Full Access) 2. Medium Access 3. Observer(Only View) . Now for Collaborators, they have full access like owner except deleting the the shared group. Collaborators can edit group name,edit,add or delete tasks,can change order of tasks.Medium access user can  edit,add tasks and change the order of the tasks. Also they can edit the name of the tasks that they have created,not others. And for observer,it is specific to private groups only not public group,they can just view the group and its tasks. also beside each authorization type there willl be a small info section like a 'i' inside round,when hover on it, the details of authorization permissions will be showed. And Collbortors and Medium access user will always have all permissions of  an Observer  and for Public group any user can join the group and see the group and its tasks and there in the dedicated public group page there will be option to apply for Collborator or medium acces permissions and for private groups,all three types user has to enter group name and access key to join and before joining they have to select the authorization type.if they choose Observer they can enter immediately but if they choose Collaborator or Medium access,,the request will be pending and the request will appear to the notification section of the owner.If owner accepts the request the other will join or or if rejected the other cant join.User can simply search the public group name in the search field and join. After they join the public group,  they can apply for Collborator  or Medium access permissions.There  should be such options.Now when user apply for authorization types,they will not get access immediately. same as private groups. request will go to owner,joining will depend on acceptation or rejection.